Yami-Yugi:
PREVIOUSLY ON "YU-GI-OH!"...
ARE YOU BEGINNING
TO UNDERSTAND
THE BRILLIANCE OF
THIS SHADOW GAME I'VE CREATED?
YOU AND I ARE
THE "GAME MASTERS."
THE FIELD IS THE WORLD
OF ANCIENT EGYPT.
THE PAWNS ARE
THE PEOPLE OF YOUR PAST.
AND AS SOON AS
I RESURRECT ZORC
FROM THE MILLENNIUM STONE,
THE FINAL STAGE
OF THIS GAME WILL BEGIN!
MASTER ZORC, HEAR ME!
I NOW OFFER YOU
THE 7 TREASURES!
VERY WELL.
YOUR TRANSFORMATION
FROM SACRED GUARDIAN
TO LORD OF DARKNESS
IS NOW COMPLETE!
BAKURA!
THIS MUST END!
OF COURSE!
IT'S JUST A QUESTION OF
WHO THE VICTOR WILL BE.
I DEFEATED YOU ONCE,
AND I'LL DO IT AGAIN!
THAT'S ALL
IN THE PAST, PHARAOH!
BUT HERE
IN THIS SHADOW GAME,
I HAVE ALL SORTS
OF ADVANTAGES
I DIDN'T HAVE
IN OUR FIRST ENCOUNTER.
AND SINCE YOUR MEMORY
IS SKETCHY AT BEST...
YOU'LL NEVER REMEMBER
HOW YOU WON!
[LAUGHING]
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
IT'S TIME TO D-D-D-D-DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
WHEN THE SANDS OF EGYPT
FALL THROUGH THIS HOURGLASS,
THE WORLD AS YOU KNOW IT
WILL FALL INTO RUINS!
I DEFEATED YOU
5,000 YEARS AGO,
AND I'LL DO IT
AGAIN, BAKURA!
WELL, I'D SUGGEST
YOU DO IT QUICKLY!
HA HA HA!
Aknadin: SETO!
OBEY YOUR DESTINY
AND STAND BY MY SIDE
SO WE MAY RULE EGYPT
AS FATHER AND SON!
I AM NOT YOUR SON!
MY FATHER WOULD NEVER
BETRAY THE PHARAOH
LIKE THIS!
YOU LIE!
AND I WILL NOT
JOIN YOUR SIDE!
I UNDERSTAND YOUR ANGER,
MY SON.
BUT YOU MUST REALIZE
THAT IMPOSTER
IS NO PHARAOH!
IT IS YOU
WHO SHOULD BE KING!
I VOWED
TO PROTECT THE KING,
NOT REPLACE HIM!
YOU DESERVE MORE!
SETO, IT IS TRUE
THAT YOU ARE
THE SON OF AKNADIN.
HOWEVER,
HE HAS LOST
HIS IDENTITY
TO THE SHADOWS.
SO THE CREATURE
THAT STANDS BEFORE YOU
IS NO LONGER
YOUR FATHER.
HE'S RIGHT.
Aknadin: NONSENSE!
YOU ARE MY FLESH
AND BLOOD, SETO!
AND THAT MAKES YOU ROYALTY!
NOW, DON'T LET THESE FOOLS
DENY YOU THE POWER YOU DESERVE!
BAKURA!?
WHAT HAPPENED HERE!?
I GUESS OUR REMATCH
WILL HAVE TO WAIT.
[GASP]
NO WAY!
THE GEEK PATROL!
I'M GUESSING THEY DIDN'T
FLY ALL THE WAY TO EGYPT
JUST TO TAKE A NAP.
HUH?
WAIT A SEC.
I'VE SEEN THIS BEFORE!
IN THE MUSEUM.
BACK HOME.
AH! THE MILLENNIUM EYE!
OH!
THAT'S ME.
Yami-Yugi: SETO!
YOUR FATHER
CHOSE A PATH OF
HATRED AND GREED!
BUT I BEG OF YOU...
DON'T MAKE
THE SAME MISTAKE.
FIGHT BY MY SIDE,
AND TOGETHER
WE CAN RESTORE
PEACE TO EGYPT!
AH, LIKE FATHER, LIKE SON!
I HEARD THE VERY SAME WORDS
UTTERED BY MY BROTHER
WHEN HE WAS PHARAOH!
PERHAPS YOU SHOULD
HAVE LISTENED TO HIM!
MY BROTHER
DIDN'T UNDERSTAND
THE FIRST THING
ABOUT LEADING THIS KINGDOM!
IN FACT,
HIS IDEALISTIC APPROACH
NEARLY DESTROYED EGYPT!
WHILE THE PEOPLE
WORSHIPPED THEIR PHARAOH,
PRAISING HIM FOR
PROTECTING THEIR LAND,
IT WAS I WHO WAS
TRULY RESPONSIBLE
FOR THEIR SAFETY.
OUR ENEMIES.
THEY DRAW NEAR.
Aknamkanon:
FOR THE LAST TIME,
AKNADIN,
EGYPT WILL ONLY FIGHT
AS A LAST RESORT!
BUT...I'VE MOVED
OUR SOLDIERS
IN POSITION TO ATTACK.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY
TO PREVENT INVASION,
YOUR HIGHNESS.
IF WE DON'T ACT NOW,
THEY'LL DESTROY US!
THAT'S ENOUGH!
YOU'VE OVERSTEPPED
YOUR BOUNDS!
HMM.
AKNADIN.
PLEASE UNDERSTAND...
I WANT WHAT'S BEST
FOR EGYPT,
BUT I WILL NOT
ACCEPT VIOLENCE
AS THE ONLY ANSWER.
WE MUST TRY TO FIND
A PEACEFUL SOLUTION
TO DEALING
WITH OUR NEIGHBORS.
IS THAT CLEAR?
YES, SIR.
CALL ME NAIVE
AND OLD-FASHIONED...
BUT I BELIEVE
WE SHALL LIVE
IN HARMONY ONE DAY.
AND I NEED YOU
TO SHARE THAT BELIEF
WITH ME, MY BROTHER.
Aknadin, voice-over: OF COURSE,
MY INSTINCTS WERE RIGHT.
OUR ENEMIES DIDN'T SHARE
MY BROTHER'S BELIEF IN PEACE...
BUT THANKS TO ME,
WHEN THEY ATTACKED,
WE WERE READY.
[PEOPLE CHEERING]
OF COURSE, HIS MAJESTY
RECEIVED ALL THE CREDIT,
WHILE I WAS IGNORED.
IT WAS THEN I REALIZED THAT
MY BROTHER WOULD BE THE LIGHT
AND I WOULD BE THE SHADOW.
IF EGYPT WAS GOING TO SURVIVE,
DRASTIC MEASURES WERE NECESSARY.
HIDDEN FAR BENEATH THE SANDS
LIVED AN ANCIENT MANUSCRIPT
WITH A DARK SECRET.
THIS MILLENNIUM SPELL BOOK
CONTAINED THE SECRET
TO A POWER KNOWN ONLY
BY THE EGYPTIAN GODS.
[PEOPLE SHOUTING]
Aknamkanon:
MILLENNIUM ITEMS...
ACTIVATE!
Aknadin:
HAD IT NOT BEEN FOR ME,
THE MILLENNIUM ITEMS
WOULDN'T EXIST!
AND NEITHER
WOULD THIS MESS!
DON'T YOU
UNDERSTAND?
THE ITEMS
MAY HAVE HELPED US
STOP ONE ENEMY...
BUT THEIR CREATION
GAVE RISE TO
AN EVEN GREATER ENEMY,
ONE MORE SINISTER
THAN WE COULD
EVER IMAGINE!
YES. THEY SPARKED THE REBIRTH
OF ZORC, THE DARK ONE!
EXACTLY!
AND NOW ZORC CAN FINISH
WHAT I BEGAN!
BY CRUSHING THE PHARAOH
AND HIS FOLLOWERS
AND ALLOWING A NEW KING
TO TAKE THE THRONE!
HA HA HA!
YOU FOOLS WILL NEVER UNDERSTAND
WHAT I'VE BEEN THROUGH!
I DEVOTED MY LIFE TO MY BROTHER
AND RECEIVED NOTHING IN RETURN!
YOU'RE WRONG!
BUT YOU'RE TOO BLIND
TO SEE IT.
SHIMON'S RIGHT.
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
WHAT I GAVE UP FOR HIM!?
MY WIFE AND MY ONLY SON.
JUST SO I COULD
SAVE HIS KINGDOM.
[HORSE NEIGHS]
ALL RIGHT, MEN...
ATTAAACK!
CAPTURE THE EVIL SPIRITS
THAT POSSESS THESE MEN
SO WE MAY FORGE
THE MILLENNIUM ITEMS!
AND EVEN THOUGH I ABANDONED YOU
TO SERVE MY BROTHER,
SOMEHOW YOU FOUND YOUR WAY
BACK TO ME, SETO.
SO YOU SEE...
IT WAS YOUR DESTINY
TO RE-ENTER THE PALACE
AND RISE TO GREATNESS.
[THINKING]
WHEN I JOINED THE ROYAL COURT,
I PLEDGED MY DEVOTION
TO THE PHARAOH.
AND THE ONE PERSON WHO WAS
ALWAYS THERE TO GUIDE ME
WAS AKNADIN.
KEEP STUDYING,
FOR SOMETIMES THE MIND
IS MIGHTIER THAN THE SWORD.
BUT NOT ALWAYS!
YOU CAN DO
BETTER THAN THAT.
AGAIN!
THERE WERE 4 OTHER GUARDIANS
IN THE PHARAOH'S COURT,
BUT AKNADIN SPENT
MOST OF HIS TIME TRAINING ME.
AND NOW I KNOW WHY.
BECAUSE SECRETLY
HE KNEW THAT I WAS HIS SON.
YOU'VE BEEN DESTINED
FOR GREATNESS
SINCE THE DAY
YOU WERE BORN, SETO.
THAT'S WHY YOUR PATH
KEEPS CROSSING WITH
THAT OF THE WHITE DRAGON!
THE WHITE DRAGON?!
[ROAR]
Aknadin :YOU WERE CHOSEN
TO WIELD ITS POWER!
[PEOPLE SHOUTING]
PERHAPS HE'S RIGHT.
I SHOULD RULE.
AND THE WHITE DRAGON
WILL HELP ME.
IT'S ALL TRUE.
OHH.
OH, GREAT.
I'M HALLUCINATING AGAIN.
AKNADIN!
YOUR ACCUSATIONS
AND FALSE PROMISES
HAVE GONE ON
FOR LONG ENOUGH!
SO STOP LYING
TO YOUR SON,
AND SET HIM FREE!
SETO! YOU MUSTN'T
GIVE IN TO
HIS TEMPTATION!
TELL ME THE TRUTH!
WHY ARE YOU REALLY
DOING THIS, FATHER!?
BECAUSE I WANT YOU TO EXPERIENCE
WHAT I NEVER HAD:
POWER AND RESPECT.
AND WHEN ZORC ARRIVES,
THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT YOU'LL RECEIVE!
BUT HOW!?
ZORC WILL USHER IN
THE AGE OF SHADOWS,
AND SOMEONE WILL NEED TO
REIGN OVER THIS NEW WORLD.
I SHALL REIGN.
SETO!
MUST JOIN HIM.
[GASP]
SETO.
DON'T DO THIS.
TAKE YOUR PLACE
BESIDE ME, MY SON.
YES, FATHER.
AH!
[ROAR]
IT'S THE WHITE DRAGON!
YES!
IT IS URGING YOU
TO JOIN ME!
DON'T GO!
HE'S UNDER THE CONTROL
OF AN EVIL FORCE.
AND IF YOU JOIN HIM,
YOU WILL LOSE YOURSELF
TO THE SHADOWS AS WELL.
HE'S RIGHT!
SETO!
STAY HERE!
HELP US!
Aknadin: NO!
THEY'RE LYING TO YOU!
THE PHARAOH IS THREATENED
BY YOUR POWER,
SO HE'S TRYING
TO KEEP YOU DOWN!
THE PHARAOH IS
PROTECTING SETO,
JUST AS YOUR BROTHER
PROTECTED YOU!
MY BROTHER TOOK ALL THE GLORY
AND LEFT ME WALLOWING
IN HIS SHADOW!
AND NOW HIS SON SHALL PAY!
YAH!
[GRUNTING]
YOU ARE WEAK, PHARAOH!
JUST LIKE YOUR FATHER!
WHAT'S THIS!?
Yami-Yugi: HASAN?!
AS LONG AS I AM HERE,
NO HARM WILL BEFALL YOU,
MY KING.
THANK YOU.
Kisara: SETO!
I JUST HOPE I'M NOT...
TOO LATE!
KEEP RUNNING, KISARA.
SOON YOU'LL JOIN FORCES
WITH SETO ON THE OTHER SIDE!
OH, WHAT I WOULDN'T GIVE
FOR ONE MORE LUSCIOUS APPLE.
OR EVEN THE TEENIEST
LITTLE GRAPE!
[THINKING]
WHO IS THIS
BOBASA CHARACTER?
I MUST FIND OUT
WHAT ROLE HE PLAYS
IN THIS SHADOW GAME!
BOBASA!
WERE YOU ABLE
TO FIND
THE PHARAOH'S NAME
OR NOT!?
HEY! KNOCK, KNOCK!
I GIVE UP!
WHO IS THERE!?
DIS ISN'T THE BEST TIME
FOR JOKES.
WHAT?
I WAS CHEERING HIM UP!
YEAH? WELL YOU'RE
DOIN' A BANG-UP JOB!
IT'S NOT MY FAULT!
WHAT'S WRONG,
BOBASA?
THERE'S NOT A SCRAP
OF FOOD LEFT!
Joey: WHAT!?
[ALL GROAN]
WHY DOES IT FEEL LIKE
WE HAVEN'T EATEN IN DAYS!?
MAYBE IT'S BECAUSE
WE HAVEN'T!
[SNIFFS]
CAN YOU GUYS SMELL THAT?
THIS ROOM MUST BE
WHERE THEY STORE
ALL THE FOOD
FOR THE PALACE!
PLEASE TELL ME
THIS ISN'T HAPPENING!
THERE'S NOTHING LEFT?
BOBASA CLEANED
THE PLACE OUT.
YOU COULDN'T 'A LEFT US
ONE MEASLY CRUMB,
COULD YA?
YOU BIG GLUTTONOUS
FREAK!
[CRYING]
LOOK, EVER SINCE
WE MET THIS GUY,
HE'S DONE NOTHING
BUT HOLD US BACK!
SO I'D SAY
IT'S ABOUT TIME
WE LOST THE DEAD WEIGHT!
[CRYING]
TRISTAN MAY HAVE
A GOOD POINT FOR ONCE, YUGE.
WE GOTTA FIND
THE PHARAOH'S NAME FAST!
HOLD ON.
LET'S THINK FOR A SEC.
WE ALREADY SEARCHED
THE WHOLE PALACE, RIGHT?
RIGHT.
SO LET'S GET OUTTA HERE.
Tea: ALL RIGHT.
PULL YOURSELF
TOGETHER,
BOBASA.
BUT I CANNOT MOVE
A SINGLE MUSCLE
UNTIL I EAT
ANOTHER MORSEL.
YOU'VE ALREADY EATEN
ALL THERE IS
TO EAT, PAL!
HE'S NO USE TO US,
ANYWAY,
SO I SAY
WE LEAVE HIM HERE
CRYING LIKE A BABY
AND MOVE ON!
DAT'S TWO GOOD POINTS
FOR TRISTAN.
NO, GUYS.
WE NEED TO HELP HIM.
COME ON!
WHAT HAS HE EVER
DONE FOR US!?
WELL, FOR ONE,
WE WOULD NEVER HAVE
FOUND THE PHARAOH
IF IT HADN'T BEEN
FOR BOBASA'S HELP!
THAT'S RIGHT.
NOW LET'S GO
FIND HIM SOME FOOD.
FINE.
YOU WANNA WASTE
EVERYONE'S TIME!?
COME ON, T.
WHATEVER.
Yugi: ANY FOOD, YOU GUYS!?
Joey: NOT A THING!
[THINKING]
WHY WOULD THESE FOOLS
DROP EVERYTHING
JUST TO HELP THAT USELESS OAF!?
GUYS!
Joey: HEAVE!
Tea: HO!
HEAVE!
ALMOST...THERE!
I GOTTA SAY...
THIS...MAKES...
FINDING
DA PHARAOH'S NAME...
SEEM EASY!
Yugi:
ALL RIGHT, BOBASA.
EAT UP.
BE STILL,
MY BEATING HEART!
GRAAAAAPES!
OHH.
THANK YOU.
All: NO SWEAT.
IT WAS
A PIECE OF CAKE.
THERE'S CAKE, TOO?!
WE FINALLY
FOUND SOMEONE
WHO LOVES FOOD
MORE THAN ME.
YEAH. IT'S KINDA
HARD TO BELIEVE.
WHO KNEW?
WELL, HERE GOES.
DOWN THE HATCH!
JUST GET IT
OVER WITH
SO I DON'T
HAFTA STARE
AT THOSE GRAPES!
BON APPETITE,
PAL!
ULP!
MAN, DOES DAT
LOOK GOOD.
SURE DOES.
YOU FEEL BETTER NOW?
OHH!
Joey: HE'S ALLERGIC
TA GRAPES!
NOW THAT I'M FULL,
I CAN GRANT YOUR WISH!
LET US FIND THE PHARAOH'S NAME,
SHALL WE!?
EVERYONE ON BOBASA'S BACK!
Joey:
IS IT ME, OR DID HE
JUST BECOME
A THANKSGIVING DAY
BALLOON!?
WE HAFTA TRUST HIM.
IT'S OUR ONLY HOPE!
IF YOU SAY SO.
TALK ABOUT WEIRD.
Joey: YUP. WE'RE FLOATIN'
ON A FAT GUY.
HEY, YOU GUYS,
I CAN SEE
MY HOUSE FROM HERE.
Yugi: BOBASA, WHERE EXACTLY
ARE YOU TAKING US?
THIS WAY.
Joey: YA KNOW,
A LITTLE MORE
SPECIFIC WOULD BE NICE.
[THINKING]
I'M BEGINNING TO UNDERSTAND
BOBASA'S ROLE IN THIS GAME.
HE WAS PLACED HERE
AS A SHORTCUT.
FEED HIM
AND SKIP TO THE PRIZE!
AFTER THEM!
ATTENTION, PASSENGERS,
WE ARE BEGINNING
OUR DESCENT
INTO THE VALLEY
OF THE KINGS.
SO PLEASE MAKE SURE
YOUR SAFETY BELTS
ARE SECURELY FASTENED
AND SEATBACKS ARE
IN THE UPRIGHT POSITION.
PLEASE REMEMBER ALL OF
YOUR PERSONAL BELONGINGS,
AND THANK YOU AGAIN
FOR FLYING AIR BOBASA.
VALLEY OF THE KINGS?
Yugi: WAIT A SEC.
GRAMPS TOLD ME THAT'S WHERE
THE PHARAOH'S TOMB IS.
AND IN THE OLD DAYS,
A PHARAOH'S TOMB
WAS BUILT
WHILE HE WAS STILL
RULING EGYPT!
SO THAT MEANS
THE PHARAOH'S NAME
MUST HAVE ALREADY
BEEN CARVED
SOMEWHERE ON HIS
FUTURE TOMB, GUYS!
[THINKING]
NOW TO DESTROY THAT NAME
BEFORE THEY LAY EYES ON IT.
THANKS FOR
EVERYTHING, BOBASA.
NO, THANK YOU
FOR FEEDING ME
THOSE GRAPES!
SINCE THEN,
I HAVEN'T BEEN
HUNGRY AT ALL,
WHICH IS A SENSATION
I'VE NEVER FELT!
HEY, NOW THAT
YOU MENTION IT,
I'M NOT HUNGRY
ANYMORE, EITHER.
YA KNOW, YOU'RE RIGHT.
ACTUALLY,
I COULD USE A BITE.
IT'S BEEN ONE MYSTERY
AFTER ANOTHER
SINCE WE GOT HERE.
AND YOU'RE
THE BIGGEST
MYSTERY!
WELL, I FINALLY KNOW
WHY I WAS PUT HERE--
FOR YOU.
WHATTA YA MEAN?
THERE IS MORE
TO THIS ADVENTURE
THAN MEETS THE EYE !
SO REMEMBER,
LIFE IS LIKE A GAME,
AND SOMETIMES HELPING OTHERS
IS THEY KEY TO WINNING IT ALL!
HA HA HA!
WHAT DA HECK
DOES DAT MEAN?!
BYE BYE.
TIME FOR ME TO GO!
HOLD ON!
BOBASA!?
COME BACK!
HE'S GONE.
BOBASA!
All: BOBASA!
[CHUCKLING]
IMPRESSIVE.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?!
YOUR FRIENDS
ARE DOING MUCH BETTER
THAN I HAD EVER EXPECTED.
IN FACT, THEY'RE CLOSE
TO UNCOVERING
YOUR ANCIENT NAME.
HOW DO YOU KNOW?!
YOU SAID THEY'RE NOT
A PART OF THIS!
YOU'VE BEEN
SPYING ON THEM,
HAVEN'T YOU!?
I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN!
OF COURSE NOT.
NOT THAT IT MATTERS,
RIGHT?
AFTER ALL,
THE COUNTDOWN
TO MY VICTORY IS ON.
THE RESURRECTION OF ZORC
IS NEAR!
AND SINCE WE'RE
APPROACHING THE CLIMAX...
I THINK IT'S ABOUT TIME
I ADDED ANOTHER LITTLE TWIST
TO THIS GAME OF OURS.
[YELLING]
THESE SIDES ARE UNEVEN.
BUT I'M ABOUT
TO CHANGE THAT.
WHAT SORT OF
WICKED SCHEME
ARE YOU UP TO, BAKURA!?
YOU OUGHT TO KNOW,
PHARAOH!
AFTER ALL,
I'M SIMPLY USING A TACTIC
I LEARNED FROM YOU
EARLIER ON IN THE GAME.
AND WHAT'S THAT!?
REMEMBER WHEN
YOU WERE DRAINED
OF ALL YOUR STRENGTH?
SO YOUR FRIEND
GAVE YOU A BOOST?
WE'VE COME TOO FAR
TO TURN BACK NOW.
YOU AND I
ARE A TEAM, REMEMBER?
[THINKING]
THIS IS INCREDIBLE.
I CAN FEEL MY ENERGY
RETURNING.
I FORGOT HOW STRONG
MY BOND WITH YUGI
TRULY IS.
[GRUNT]
ALTHOUGH I DIDN'T
THINK OF IT
AT THE TIME, PHARAOH...
TWO CAN PLAY AT THAT GAME!
[GASP]
NO.
I'M GOING TO BRING BACK
A FORMER PAWN OF MINE.
HOWEVER,
FIRST I SHALL NEED
TO BORROW SOME STRENGTH
FROM THE OUTSIDE.
SO I CALL...KAIBA!
[GASP]
YOU CAN'T DO THAT!
WHAT'S GOING ON!?
AAH!
[LAUGHTER]
[SHOUTING]
HOLD ON.
THIS PLACE LOOKS FAMILIAR.
BUT I'M NOT SURE WHY.
YOU SHALL SEE,
JUST AS SOON
AS I BORROW YOUR SOUL!
HA HA HA!
WHOA! WHOA!
[YELLING]
I MUST...
JOIN MY FATHER NOW.
YES, MY SON!
[LAUGHING]
NO!
I MUST SAY,
IT'S GOOD TO BE BACK
IN THE GAME AGAIN.
AND IT APPEARS
I'M JUST IN TIME--
TO WITNESS
THE GRAND FINALE, THAT IS,
FEATURING
ZORC THE DARK ONE
IN HIS LONG-AWAITED RETURN!
AND THE PHARAOH
IN HIS FAREWELL PERFORMANCE!
[LAUGHING]